---
layout: post
title: "Welcome to Data Monkey's Home!"
author: "Ben Engel"
categories: journal
tags: 
image: mountains.jpg
---

Welcome to my postit pile on data science, big data, devops and the absurdity of the bussines wolrd. 

May be a short intro to my self, I'm a data scientist or at least thats what people call me these days.  I've always tried to dig into tech and like abstract ideas. Thats what brought me to Linux more than 15 years ago. After school I've made my Diploma degree in the university of cologne in mathematics and computer science. After that I stumbeld over the concept of machine learning and finally discovered a usefull application for statistics in the field of data analysis. 

From here on I've diged into the topic machine learning and data science. An internship as machine learning expert later I've started my first job as data scientist at a small startup where I've developed data driven software solutions with machine learning components and handeld various data tasks (building pipelines, pre- and postprocessing). Nowadays I'm working as a data science consultant out there in the wilde, and my work has shifted from mostly implementing to using big data tools, doing workshops, working out architectures for clients and of course coding. 

Coding is something I would miss any more. I'm a pythonist, even when I'm not bad in java as well but it never feels so fast and clean like in python for me ;-) .

Besides that I'm quite found of docker, the easiness of producing a reproducible enviorment with low cost amazes me all the time. 

There are a bunch of other interesting technologies out there but I'll keep them for later article.

So long,
Ben